280 Ouid.

taken, and lay ¹at Lesbos, wounded by them (xiii. 45-55,
313·339)·

Panormus, sister 01 Progne, wife 01 Tereus, changed to a night·
ingale.

Paeana, name 01 Diana, or the Moon.

Pueros, name 01 Apollo, or the Sun.

-anxus, son 01 Athamas, borne from Thessaly by the ram with
golden tleece (see Hatra).

Pareamus, son 01 Ixion, friend 01 Theseus, at whose marriage
with Hippodamia belell the fight 01 the Centaure and Lapithas.

herenas, daughters 01 Atlas, pursued by Orion, and changed to a
group of stars. ·

Potrrnenus, a Cyclops, son 01 Neptune, enamoured 01 Galatea
(viii. yso-869).

ParnmuS, son 01 Laomedon, king 01 Troy.

Phocais, wife os Cephalus, shut by him unwittingly with an arrow.

Pnoona. daughter 01 Pandion, wife 01 Tereus, who avenged her·
selt' on him by killing his child Itys, and was changed to a
swallow (see lars). ’

Pnonaunaus, son 01 Iapetus, who iashioned men from clay, and
bestowed on them fire stolen from heaven: chained by Jupiter
10 a rock 01 Caucasus, where his liver was'torri by vultures.

Paossaetua (Persephone), daughter 01 Jupiter and Ceres, who
being stolen by Pluto, became queen 01 the Lower Worlds

Pnoresrunus, the first 01 the Greeks slain at the landing at Troy.

Paoruus, a sea-divinity, son 01 Oceanus, having the power ot' con·
verting himself into any form.

Pauus, a city in the west 01 the Peloponnesus, the kingdom 01
Nestor.

warna, daughter 01 Epimetheus, wife 01 Deucalion.

Parnasonns, usage 01 Samos, about a. c. 550.

Remotus, first king of Rome, made a deity under the name Qpiri·
anus.

Sn'runuus (name 01 the old Italian god of husbandry): in mytho-
logy the same with K runos, son 01 Uranus and Gaia, youngest
of the Titane, father 01 Jupiter, by whom he is dethroned and
banished.

' Semi: r. daughter 01 Nisus 01 Megara, who betrayed her father
to Minos, and was changed 1ο a sea-mew (cirr's); 2. a nymph,
daughter 01 ¹Phorcus, changed by Circe to a sea-monster in the
waters 01 Sicily (xiv. 1-74).

 

